fixing filter for Results By Username (#10980)
IQSS/dataverse: doc/release-notes/7239-mydata-results-by-username.md

## Fix My Data filter results by username for Administrators

> The filtering for the username on the MyData page was not working. This is only available for Administrators. This fixes the "Results for Username" field to return the data for the desired user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The filtering for the username on the MyData page was not working. This is only available for superusers. This fixes the "Results for Username" field to return the data for the desired user. See also #7239 and #10980.
```
